
                                        [Old-Crane Guards The Lotus]

You are a person with the power to see through memories of objects.
This power was granted to you due to your parralel self's connection with a certain [Old One] called [Low-Dimensional Reconstructor]... but you do not know any of this.
Having been aware of your own power since childhood, you've come to develop certain strange habits -- a horder, a collector of strange objects.
The stories within them are often fragmented and hard to understand. But you enjoy piecing them together regardless.

Today's evening, as per usual, you've found yourself walking along the beach, looking for something interesting that might have washed ashore.

Buried in the sand, an old pocket watch, its strange design evokes... expensiveness.
The pawnshop's owner will give you enough for one meal at the very least.

Without much thought, you pick up the pocket watch...

*Woosh~!*

--A torrential sounds of crashing waves assualt your auditorial senses. Within a millisecond, your whole being is submerged within the raging currents of dark blue water.
Your knees buckle. Your sense of balance barely maintaining itself in the face of such raw phyiscal force. Your consciousness expands, warps.
A moment later, only a feeling of intense coldness.

You now stand on the rocks. Over-looking a drowning city -- the waves of dark clouds drowning the sun.
Massive structures... buildings and architectures unknown to you. 

Besides you... a voice rings out.
"Please... stay with me. Until the very end."

Without knowing anything. Without being able to even comprehend the situation.
The flash ends.

.....
"The heck was that?"

--[The First Principle of Metaphysics: Information can not be destroyed.]
Puzzle one: collecting information. Count all the pieces.
Puzzle two: extrapolate connections. Color code them all.
Puzzle three: make deductions. Questions to answer.
Puzzle four: test deductions. 

"First, let's take count..."
"Second, let's ask some questions..."
"Third, let's test some theories.."

(Isn't this a littl bit dull? Hmmm... it seems we have forgotten most of our "spice-up boring story-telling" techniques. It lacks a certain... directness.)
(First is vividness. Hyper-specificity. Senses simulation.
(Second is rhythm. Emphasis... pause...
(Third is interestingness. Wittiness... 
(Fourth is cinematicism. Visualization...
(Fifth is entertainment. Punchlines per page.
(Sixth is variety. The contrast between different voices and how they describe things. How dramatic. How casual. How round-about. How direct.

